♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
BRONK: Well, sorry
if I made ya worry.
But me and Caswell are
totally fine, you guys!
And, since he's safe at home
now, he's gonna stay fine, too.
Yuma: Well good!
That's a relief!
FLIP: I guess that leaves
yuma as the only one of us
left in the carnival.
Astral: Your
friend flip is right.
Only the very best
duelists now remain, yuma.
And so...
so, I need to be at my best!
TORI: Wait, not everyone we
know is out of the tournament.
Cathy: Tori is right.
After all,
I'm still in.
You scared me!
Sorry, didn't mean to sneak up.
But check it out.
Whoa, looks like you have
two heart pieces there, cat!
I happen to have
four of them myself.
Let's not make this
about you yuma, please?
What?
When do I ever do that?
Well, I guess sorta
all the time, huh?
Yeah, no 'sorta' t it.
But that's just you, yuma.
Guess ya can't have the
Candy without the wrapper.
Hey!
Stop!
That's not a Chew toy!
Sit! Stay! Heel!
Looks like the only command
those mutts follow is 'fetch.'
what are you going to do?
Without those heart pieces...
I know, I won't be able
to make it into the finals
of the world Duel carnival!
Meooooowwww!
Hey!
Where'd these cats come from?
They're friends of mine.
And they're gonna get
back what those dogs stole.
Meowww!
I've just always sorta had
a way with the feline kind.
Yeah,
it's almost like you
speak their language.
Actually Tori,
not 'almost' I do.
Litterbot: Trash
identified, trash identified.
Good job!
Let's go, they
found those dogs.
Uh, okay...
we found them, what now?
Simple.
We take back what's yours!
And we do so with back up!
Don't worry,
they're all bark and no bite.
You sure about that?
Now be good little pups,
and give up the heart pieces!
ROSCOE: Make way
for the pack Leader!
Now what's all this about?
That dog's talkin?
No way.
What's this here?
Someone's heart pieces?
You stole this, didn't you?
You're bad boys.
You are all bad boys!
Uh...
could someone tell me
what's happening here?
Yeah, how's that big dog
know about heart pieces?
I don't typically beg
but in this case I will.
Please, accept my
apology for any
trouble my pack may
have caused you.
Aw, it's cool.
You thieving mongrels!
Those Mutts should all be
kept on a very short leash!
Now now,
they've been disciplined,
so let's just move on.
I've tried moving on,
but this stuff
just keeps happening!
Take that shiba
for example.
He's been stealing steaks
from the town butcher.
And that pug over there has been
digging holes all over the city.
Plus his face looks funny, and
he won't stop sticking
his tongue out at me!
How dare you!
Cats are worse than us!
They sleep all day,
they scratch up anything
they can get the claws on!
That's enough!
to settle this,
we need to have a duel!
Have a duel?
Sounds like a fine idea.
But if I win,
then all you dogs have to leave
the city once and for all!
And if I win,
you cats beat it.
Forever.
Aw, this stinks.
I like cats and dogs!
And I just want my pieces back!
This takes precedence, yuma.
Cats and dogs
are age old rivals.
Finally they have
a chance to settle it.
What about what I want settled?
Like getting my heart pieces!
Duel disk,
let's go!
Duel Disk,
get set!
Duel gazer, let's roll.
Computer Voice: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I've heard of it
raining cats and dogs,
but not dueling them!
I just hope Cathy wins
for my heart pieces' sake!
I'll start off!
So here goes!
First I summon stray cat!
Only a hundred attack points?
That stray cat's clawless!
That is True,
and that may be the plan.
Those mutts will be licking
their chops to get to stray cat.
but when they do attack,
they're gonna have another
thing coming.
I now place two cards facedown.
Then I'll end my turn.
It's time to let
the dogs out now!
That dog can draw?
Now I've seen it all!
You ain't seen nothin'
yet, I summon tribulldog!
And when tribulldog is unleashed
out in my yard, I'm allowed to
summon another one from my hand!
But that's not the only trick I
know. Next I play doubulldog!
Thanks to this spell card, when
there are two tribulldogs in my
yard, this card lets me summon
another tribulldog from my deck!
That's three level 4 monsters!
Here we go.
I now overlay this
threesome of tribulldogs,
and since I have,
I can now build
the overlay network!
Which means things are
about to get really Ruff!
I xyz summon sumo King dog!
How does a dog know
how to make that play?
I mean, an xyz summon?
I just learned how to do that
move myself and it wasn't easy!
When it comes to dueling,
between that dog and yuma,
I would say the dog
is better trained.
So not cool!
go on fido, take the bait!
and Let the cat out of the bag.
Next up I play this:
The spell card pooch party!
This lets me summon two pooch
party tokens out to my yard!
And next, I activate
the equip spell dogking!
Go!
And Since dogking will be joined
up with Sumo king Dog, my sumo's
attack points go up 500 points
for every dog in my yard!
I've got three, so that's a
power boost of 1500 points!
Talk about a bite
as big as your bark!
I just hope that pooch isn't
hungry for my heart pieces!
And Now, go!
Attack That little stray!
Ha, she's not even
going to see it coming!
I play a trap card!
Cat confusion!
But there's no
confusing what it does.
Now, since your monster
attacked my cat, your attack is
negated, and your monster
returns to your hand.
I've been more confused chasing
my own tail than by that card.
I play sumo king
Dog's special ability!
Now, by using One overlay unit,
I can negate and then
destroy your trap card!
That is an
extraordinary ability.
This is not gonna be pretty!
Oh No, Cathy!
That card's gone to the dogs.
I wouldn't be so sure!
Before I took sumo
king Dog's attack,
I played this!
My facedown, cat food.
Thanks to this
scrumptious spell,
by tributing stray cat,
I can summon stray cat girl!
And When stray cat girl
is in attack mode,
she can't be
destroyed in battle.
What difference
does it make?
You only have
500 life points left.
You've been all but declawed!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Now that my turn is over, my
pooch party tokens
are destroyed.
My turn then!
And for you fleabag,
it'll be cat-Astrophic!
Flea bag?
I just had a bath!
Here I go!
Draw!
Sure you knocked me pretty good
last round, but now you'll see
why cats always
land on their feet.
I summon cat GIRL!
Next, I'll overlay it with
my other level 4 monster.
And now that I have, I can build
the overlay network and xyz
summon cat girl MAGICIAN!
Next I activate the equip
spell catnip turbine!
And with it, I'll be nipping at
your life points because this
card increases the attack points
of one of my
cats by 1200 points.
What a purr-Fect move!
Now cat girl magician is
the strongest on the field!
But the drawback to
this spell is that my cat
can't attack your monsters.
So then what's the point,
it's useless to you!
That's not quite so.
I'm now activating cat
girl magician's ability!
With it, by using One overlay
unit, and halving her attack
points, cat magician can attack
you directly!
She can wha?
Now, go cat magician!
Attack With Cataclysmic
Clobbering blast!
Aw Yeah!
I now place two cards facedown,
and end my turn.
Which means cat magician's
attack points return to normal!
And speaking of cats, that
was one cat's meow of a turn!
Well it's gonna be nothing
but the dogs days for you as
this duel goes on,
no way am I gonna
roll over and keep taking this!
PIP: No way am I gonna roll
over and keep taking this!
You hear me?
I'll make ya sorry!
Where'd she come from?
Who? me? Oh...
huh?
What in heartland city
is going on here?
Seriously!
Did that girl just
come out of that barrel?
Does this mean,
that girl was dueling
the whole time?
Guess that makes more
sense than a dueling dog.
Then that would mean,
the dog is not better
trained than yuma.
However, that little girl is.
So not cool!
Hi there,
it's okay.
What's your name?
Pip.
Speak up!
I said my name's pip!
Is that loud enough?
Well, pip.
Would you mind...
telling us why you're
pretending to be a dog?
That's easy.
You see,
dogs are the most loyal
animals there are.
And loyalty is super
duper important to me.
Because you can't
always count on people.
They can be mean.
But I can always
count on my dogs.
In fact, that's how I learned
to duel in the first place.
Roscoe and I would practice
on the beach all day long!
That's how he
learned how to draw cards!
And that's how he learned
how to make sense
of the cards that he saw!
We became a team!
And since I didn't want to
be hurt by any mean people,
I just thought,
well, it'd be easy,
to keep on dueling other
people as a team, too.
That's when
I started hiding in the barrel
and using this phony deep voice.
But not all people are mean.
We humans can be loyal too.
You'd learn that if you
stopped hiding behind that dog.
See?
You're not even
giving us a fair chance.
Cathy's right!
Don't bother, yuma.
Sounds like this pack has
made up pip's mind for her.
Yep, it sounds like she's
never going to duel for herself.
Go hide in the barrel, pip!
No!
You're wrong!
If I'm wrong,
then prove it!
By Not hiding anymore!
Duel Disk set!
We're ready to go!
Then so are we!
Simply amazing...
a duel that was about
dogs and cats,
is now about a little girl
coming out of her shell.
It's my turn now!
I draw!
First I play a spell card,
one that's gonna make you howl!
Go raise the woof!
Now, since I have no level
3-Or-Above monsters in my yard,
I'm allowed to summon
four woof tokens!
And with more dogs in play,
sumo king Dog GAINS
more attack points!
2000, and all thanks
to my dogking's effect.
Now sumo,
rise to the air,
and attack cat Girl magician!
I play a facedown!
The trap, gold
coins for cats!
And Now, since
you attacked my cat,
half your monster's attack
points are added to my
magician's attack points.
Five thousand,
seven hundred fifty?
Now she's got
more than that sumo!
That is True,
but you are forgetting
one thing yuma.
I play sumo king
Dog's special ability!
Now, by using One overlay Unit,
your trap's effect
will go Bye-Bye!
Not good.
Cat magician's back to
her normal attack points!
And that's just what I wanted.
After all, sumo king Dog May be
able stop a trap, but it can't
stop a spell.
Like my second facedown card,
and here it is!
Counter meowsure!
Now, since my trap
was destroyed,
I get to have revenge,
and can destroy
a trap or a spell
that's on your field!
And then,
the attack points of one
of the cats I have out
are doubled for
the rest of the turn!
Doubled?
Oh no!
And now for the spell or Trap
card that I'll destroy
I select...
the spell dogking so now sumo's
attack points return to 2600!
Then my cat girl magician's
attack points increase to 6400!
And you do know what
that means, don't you?
Now,
you and your dogs are through!
she's right.
i'm gonna lose.
guess I should've never
come out of that barrel.
guess I should've just
stayed away from people.
What's the hold up, pip?
You feeling like quitting?
No!
You can't give up, pip!
Keep On dueling!
You can win!
Trust me!
Yeah, yuma's right!
Don't quit now!
You've gotta keep
fighting 'til the end!
Yeah, be loyal to your cards.
Just like your dogs
are loyal to you.
Yeah.
They're right.
I've gotta stay loyal!
There's still some
fight left in this dog!
And I know there's
fight left in all of you!
I play my trap card,
superior howl!
With This, by destroying one of
my equip spells, I can return
all monsters on the field to
their original attack points.
They say that every dog
has its day, young lady.
And I think this one is yours!
Now go!
Sumo, take out cat magician!
Huh?
I won?
Yaaay!
That's what I'm talking about!
Way to go!
Wait, what about
my heart pieces?
I used to think only a
dog could be my best friend.
But now I know better.
Hey,
it's my heart pieces!
At last! Thank you!
One Good deed
deserves another one.
Take these.
But, they're yours!
They were tyou beat me!
Really?
Absolutely, pip.
Guess cats and dogs can
be friends after all.
Which makes sense,
because deep down,
we're not all that different.
See, I used to
be like you, pip.
Afraid of people.
But when I came out of my shell
like you came out of that barrel
and started dueling,
I realized that people
weren't all bad.
And I even started
to believe in myself.
I guess I am feeling
more confident.
That's so cool.
All thanks to dueling.
And look there.
Guess this town's big enough For
both cats and dogs after all.
Let's just hope people
pick up after their pets!
observation #18:
people say
"a dog is a man's best friend."
yuma would make a good dog.
All right, time to feel the flow
and get my last heart piece!
Watch out carnival,
'cause here comes Yuma!